cmake: Using find_package(Zephyr) (#2232)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_app_dev.rst

===============

The |NCS| adds some functionality on top of the Zephyr build and configuration system.

> Those additions are automatically included into the Zephyr build system using a :ref:`zephyr:cmake_extension_package`.

Reviewer: I see that :ref:`zephyr:cmake_extension_package` is not linking. Not sure if we should be linking to https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/blob/master/cmake/extensions.cmake - In that case, we can replace the existing text with the following suggested text and add the following entry in the nrf\doc\links.txt file under **Links to Zephyr** section:
.. _`CMake extension package`: https://github.com/zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr/blob/master/cmake/extensions.cmake
```suggestion
These additions are automatically included into the Zephyr build system using the `CMake extension package`_.
```

Author: It links correctly when I build the docs locally.
Did you remember to build EVERYTHING according to the guide, and with no errors on missing tools (remember requirements.txt) ?
http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/doc_build.html#building-documentation-output

Reviewer: Yes.. Looks like there was a problem which was fixed by a west update and a clean build.
